;; Wed Jun 30
;; While learning something we often ask ourselves what would happen if the situation was something else or what would happen if we would have taken another
;; alternative action. We bring in unknown things in the picture and try to apply our known ideas in those situation to make sure what we learned so far is
;; robust. This aim of the questions asked when both tutor tutee agree on a <i> is to help tutor create unknown/complex/similar example situation and apply
;; known concepts to those situation to make their knowledge robust. Therefore, people in any domain should design questions in this route
;; in a way that prompt tutor to create unknown/complex/similar situation and apply known knowledge to those situation.
;; For example: in our linear eq solving domain, Can you state an equation where I might have to add a negative number and explain how adding a negative
;;number would work for that equation? Prompting tutor to create an equation where add with negative number would apply and asking him to explain the
;;application to make sense of the solution step.

;; This file contains questions to help tutors create unknown/complex/similar situations by generating examples and ask tutor to apply the concept <i> in
;; those situation.
;; Make sure to state the different <i>s as capital letter headers (for example: ADD/DIVIDE etc.)
;; Each questions underneath the header (concepts) ask tutor to explain on unknown/complex/similar example situations and apply <i>.
;; These questions will be asked by the tutee when both tutor and tutee agree with each other on some <i>.
;; Which header to pick needs to be defined as "if-else condition" inside "BothAgreeSpeechGetter.java"


ADD_POSITIVE_OPERATOR
Can you state an equation where I might have to add a negative number and explain how adding a negative number would work for that equation?
Whenever we are adding a positive number, we are basically giving back a positive number to the equation so that it cancels out the existing negative number. What would happen if I take away that existing negative number instead by performing subtract operation? Can you explain the outcome stating an appropriate equation?"
I was wondering why didn’t we simply take away the negative number by performing subtract operation? Please state an equation where subtracting a negative number would make sense and explain it to me?"
I have only seen that we are adding a positive number to any equation. Can you write down another equation in the chat where I might have to add a negative number and explain how add applies there?"

ADD_WHOLE_NUMBER_OPERATOR
I have only seen that we are adding a whole number to any equation. Can you state an equation where I might have to add a fraction and explain how add can be applied there?"

ADD
Can you state another equation where "adding" a number would make sense and explain how that makes sense?


SUBTRACT_POSITIVE_OPERATOR
I can see that we are taking away a positive number by performing subtract. Can you state an equation where I might have to take away a negative number and explain how subtract a negative number works for that equation?
Do we only subtract a positive number? Can you tell me an example equation where I might have to subtract a negative number?

SUBTRACT_WHOLE_NUMBER_OPERATOR
Can we only subtract a whole number from the equation? Can you explain a situation using another equation where I might have to subtract a fraction?

SUBTRACT
Can you state another equation where "subtracting" a number would make sense and explain how that makes sense?

SUBTRACT_TYPEIN
I am curious to know what happens if we subtract a negative number from another negative number. Please explain with an example.
When do we get a negative outcome after performing subtract operation? Please explain with an example.
How do we decide the sign of the outcome after performing subtracting a number from another number? Please explain with an example.

DIVIDE
Can you state another equation where "divide" would apply and explain how that makes sense?
I know how to divide by a whole number. Can you explain how dividing an equation by a fraction would look like using another equation?
I am dividing here because I have a whole number multiplied with the variable. Can you explain what I would do if I have a fraction multiplied with the variable term using a relevant equation?
Do we only divide by a positive number? Can you state an equation where I might have to divide by a negative number?

DIVIDE_TYPEIN
I am curious to know what happens if we divide a negative number by another negative number. Please explain with an example.

MULTIPLY
Can you state an equation where "multiplying" a number would make sense and explain how that makes sense?
How can we apply the divide operation to achieve the same outcome as multiply? Can you explain by stating another example equation in the chat?"
Can you state another transformation (add/subtract/divide) that can achieve the same outcome as multiply? Please use another equation to explain.
I know how to multiply by a whole number. Can you show me how to multiply by a fraction in an equation? Please explain using another equation for my better understanding.
What are the things that I may need to be careful about when I multiply any equation by a negative number? Please explain using another equation for my better understanding.

ADD_OR_SUBTRACT_VARIABLE_TERM_OPERATOR
Can you state an equation where I could get rid of the constant term first?
What would happen if we got rid of the variable term from the other side? Can you explain with another equation?

DONE
How do we know for sure that the equation is solved? Please explain with an appropriate equation.
How can we ensure that there's no mistake in our solution? Can you explain with an appropriate equation?"

ANY
Can you state another equation for which <i> can be applied and explain how <i> would be a correct step for that equation as well?
Can you tell me another equation where I can apply <i> and explain how <i> would be a correct step for that equation?
Please tell me another equation where I can apply <i> and explain why <i> would be the correct step for that equation as well?"
